= viapost

* http://tomtaylor.co.uk/projects/viapost
* http://www.viapost.com/

== DESCRIPTION:

A Ruby library that wraps the Viapost SOAP API, providing an easy way of sending post (you know, real letter box post) from your applications.

The author, Tom Taylor, has no affiliation with Viapost other than thinking it's a useful service.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Supports:

* Supports PDF upload
* Fetching account balance
* Sending of post

Problems/missing:

* Requires very strict address formats (Ensure 1, Road Name, not 1 Road Name, and so on. This is changing with an address cleanser in the upcoming Viapost 1.2 API).
* No formatting of the PDF you send - you will need to position the address correctly for the address window.
* No mail merge support.

== SYNOPSIS:

Coming soon.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* soap4r >= 1.5.8

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install tomtaylor-viapost

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Tom Taylor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.